come to you with about three hours of
sleep
intermittent sleep while airplanes boats
buses and trains there on the table next
to the best girl Melissa you see our
current insanely healthy diet well you
got their broccoli potatoes yams no oil
yeah also spinach is present only in its
absence and this is in fact a cup of
oatmeal oatmeal co-op there's go all the
way zero oil and zero soy no nothing in
the same Li horribly healthy diet um and
we'll see how that works for us look
guys
stupidity Israel I mean that's the main
moral of the story here with moon and
rock there's no kind of moral eager to
put to it otherwise we live in an era of
inverse meritocracy the stupidest people
are promoted to positions at the
pinnacle of fame and influence in the
begin moving and that's one of the main
reasons I want out I don't want to be a
part of that I don't want to compete at
the bottom of the pile while people like
James ass be with his horribly
mistranslated illiterate Chinese tattoo
a Chinese tattoo that has an error in
the word for an the Chinese equivalent
award and Andy one of the most common
words me Germany's will be easiest to
write they managed to get wrong on Jesus
B's chest and he walks around rocking
that representing the vegan movement and
everybody who speaks understands Chinese
it sound looking at each other like um
should we mention that this shirtless
guy who confessed over ex drug addict
who allegedly represents the movement
has garbled illiterate broken Chinese
written on his chest um people like
James ass be at least our overt about
what's wrong with them I would say the
same of the Paul Bashir Polish
openly tells you he's a former drug
addict he has no education
he has no intelligence he has no message
he has nothing to offer
Jesus he has been up front about that I
mean I respect him for that I have
laughed at him because it's hilarious
but James asked me is openly said again
and again he's not particularly
intelligent he's not well educated he
doesn't have anything to say since the
same simple message again and again and
again I just saw we didn't watch the
whole thing how could we possibly he
just did this talk show new vegan talk
show do boo set up by Shawn Lee it's the
same story it's the same narrative he's
already told a hundred times he has
nothing new to say he's not engaging
with the issues and I mean people like
moon and rock 48 thousand views so far
on their coming out of the closet and
clarified butter and subscribers why did
they kill Socrates I mean the whole
thing with Socrates with Socrates made
people ask uncomfortable questions
the challenged people's assumptions and
from day one on this channel it's the
role of this channel within veganism
trans been to challenge the unquestioned
assumptions people were living by so in
the early days I was coming out with all
the forward hitting videos pointing the
finger at freely and during hire and
saying hey these people are boasting
that they're the most effective vegan
activists in the world and they're not
this isn't remotely effective vegan
activism this is bad for the movement
it's bad for you me and it's bad to the
people who are following their advice
dropping out of college dropping out of
high school in some fight cases moving
to Thailand being on permanent vacation
and trying to make money out of their
bodies and their appearance selling
health and psychological advice on
YouTube it was a crazy phenomena and I
came out here and said no the some
people still today only know me from
that I was talking to somebody on
Facebook that there is no my channel for
years I was saying look do you know I
also do aristotle well so to say like i
also do like real philosophy and go
politics and history of china and look
like you know I'm not just the guy who
said freelee's an idiot but I mean I
really think it's natural that people
hate me the same way people hated
Socrates it's real easy to just remember
Socrates as this stereotype of the
respected philosopher he wasn't in his
own time in his own society he was
despised yeah and you know like Socrates
I don't just take on the easy targets
it's not just freely and moon in a rock
it's also like Gary France aione and the
Gary Yourofsky it's all the top Gary's
but you know it's the people who are who
are respected what you just mentioned po
Bashir and so on it's a relatively
intellectual you know overtly political
organizers at the moment and all these
things I mean you know stupidity really
matters if you knew Tim shieff
personally whether he was your friend or
colleague if you don't know who Tim
shieff is again a major influential
leader in the movement mostly because
he's good-looking partly because he
happened to get on TV he got some
mainstream me but I think that's also
because he's going I mean he's a he's a
male example of this he's a guy he not
woman but it's mostly because people
find Tim shieff attractive that he
became a major influential figure in
veganism for time for a couple of years
right
he wasn't vegan for that long sorry if
Tim shieff was a friend of yours if he
was your cousin if he was some guy who
was gonna marry your sister I can
understand you saying oh no no don't
worry he's not that dumb it or doesn't
matter but maybe he's done but don't
worry about it don't think about it just
put I just think the best of just hope
for the best and you know
he burns your nose now you know I mean
stupid people do stupid things that have
terrible consequences stupidity is
dangerous it really is and you know in
politics every it's tinderbox
yeah all this stuff can line up fodder
all that can be burned down so easily
people put so much faith and support and
money behind Gary Yourofsky including
petaa at one stage right
so all this for big ROG but guess what
he's actually an idiot I know he means
well I know he has good intentions but
he's so stupid that you know he said
these ridiculous things about
Palestinians and the Palestine integral
and he never backs down on and he never
apologizes and he decides the biggest
and guess what
all this support he put into back in
this guy it's all burned down he burned
down he immolated he destroyed not just
his overworked build-up appears everyone
else who contribute that why because he
is an idiot he always was an idiot and I
could see this about Gary Yourofsky the
best thing about Gary rusty the thing
that could respect the most is the
extent to which he's honest about his
own idiocy so there is a new video on
Isaac's Channel ask yourself channel
which is a very unusually low key video
from Gary Yourofsky where he's sitting
and talking about so he wasn't filmed by
Isaac it's just posted on the chat Isaac
wasn't there no no no no it's just
something he gotta define every upload
but he's sitting there in his
down-to-earth way he's talking about how
stupid he was and all the excuses he
made up at certain points late for why
he didn't become vegan sooner so back
when he ate me music well I eat meat but
I'm still an animal rights activist that
he'd be first don't care about ecology
and elephants whatever when the gun is
being self-deprecating it's
self-critical about his own stupidity
you can kind of relate to it and again
if he was marrying your sister or he's a
co-worker's like it's real easy to get
into that kind of supportive positive
attitude of oh don't worry about it
a little bit stupid no differently
stupidity and ugliness if you know
someone is brilliant but ugly overlooked
their appearance their appearance
doesn't matter it shouldn't matter don't
care about it doesn't matter if you know
someone is stupid you gotta watch them
you gonna watch them like a fire that at
any point can get out of control like a
fire and a waste paper basket it can
burn down your office real easily
stupidity is dangerous its destructive
and it's self-destructive it harms the
people who are stupid and that's what
Gary Yourofsky was he was a ticking time
bomb anyone who looks back over the
guy's record even his early career was
completely obvious what a Menace
he was he was a danger to the movement
he was a danger to himself and others
were lucky he didn't have a right punch
in the face half of the mainstream
journalist he did interviews with it was
a disaster and again everyone he put
energy into that so everyone tried to
build up with Tim shieff you all look
like idiots now everyone who tried to
belittle curiosity all the ladies now
what do you think is gonna happen with
James and Carly if it hasn't happened
already if you actually put your time
and money into building a movement with
with James ASPI or jeans and Carly where
do you think it's gonna go what do you
think you're gonna accomplish in this
type of use best-case scenario you will
come up with nothing
the best-case scenario is that this dude
just stays in a holding pattern with
what he's got going on brain a no one as
an Instagram activist right as of
lifestyle items because the worst case
scenario you can see this is what it is
so look guys I mean it really does come
down to judgments about intelligence and
responsibility you tell me what's
scarier being in a political situation
where someone who is evil is in a
position of authority or be in a
situation where you're looking at an
authority figure who's stupid I think
stupidity is a lot scarier because it's
a lot more unpredictable you never know
what's gonna happen next and one of my
experiences with this either my
girlfriend seen this recently I have
been interrogated and searched at
airports like I'm really
if you travel a lot you know what at
various times they decide to cross
examine you and having a customs agent
who's mad at you or biased against you
pressure or is a little bit evil he's
way better than having customs agent who
is so stupid that they can't understand
the answers to your questions that can
be judgment that's the scary situation
being of all authority figures stupidity
is more dangerous than bad intentions
someone who's evil or has bad intentions
you can still negotiate with you can
still come to a compromise or a solution
for you are the way forward and
stupidity you can never win all right
moon in rock no but you know I do
believe veganism is for everybody in the
same sense that being a nonsmoker is for
everybody or being a teetotaler because
sobriety is forever
put it that way because I think it is
for everybody I think it can be
practiced every way but advocacy
promoting veganism being a leader in the
vegan movement being a voice for
veganism is not free we have a knock at
the door and you probably just heard
there um but yet to meet to me that's
pretty simple and straightforward you
know by the same token not everyone not
everyone can go into a prison and talk
to the prison inmates that was sobriety
and how to quit heroin and how to how to
live your life without ever drinking
alcohol some of those phony cigarettes
are using wheat that's advocacy or
that's activism that's intervention that
the special type of person the special
characteristics special property to do
that as opposed to just being sober
yourself I think I think that's what
requires inelegance yeah
usually have thought about just a vegan
diet in general not like a specific
vegan diet because in contrast when I've
been learning about the mcdougal diet
and especially like I've now listen to
old Nina and audiobook it's like you
know you do have to have a certain level
of maintenance and just did some
discipline and I don't want to get too
abstract or this way with real world
let's keep it real world here Gary
Yourofsky gave lectures in high schools
who could possibly be a worse
representative of the innocent to go
into high schools and represent this
movement and this diet and the ethics
and the ecology think area up ski move
it in rock mood and rock are even worse
people like this on youtube or even
worse representatives and I know it's a
very different form of activism very
different platform mood and rock are not
literally going to high schools I think
high school students are clicking on
this and watching this on YouTube and so
but this is my point I don't want to
talk about this in the abstract real
world who represents this movement these
people choose themselves people like
freely people like your hub see people
like muna rock and they become leaders
in a totally universe meritocracy what's
the main characteristic that's rewarding
these people telling their audience
something they already want to hear and
we all know the vegan message is not
what people already want to hear so it
may be an error SATs concoction of yoga
mat spirituality and mother earth
ideologies all this crap and they're not
the only ones we know some other
channels like them on where it says
really we are
self-invented you know pseudo religion
whatever it is that the link that brings
people in
right and whatever it was about Gary
Yourofsky and so on the people that
people found in Finland but it's the
worst people it is the worst
veganism and you know what the good news
is veganism is making progress despite
vegans the movement sucks the movement
has been a failure in the last five
years but guess what we saw sitting in
the airport today we're sitting in
Dallas Texas Airport and there's like a
15-minute special on CNN that was today
within the last 24 hours you've been in
airports all day we're doing this with
three hours of sleep
CNN presenting perfectly the case for
white veganism is an inevitable ethical
requirement given current ecological and
ethical considerations and they were
doing a better job than Gary Yourofsky
and of course a better job than moon in
rock or a these people that's CNN and I
said you at the time I said look despite
the fact that the movement is falling
apart despite the fact that the movement
is garbage we're still winning but the
truth of this message is so important so
self-evident then CNN is speaking wrong
with it just a couple days ago maybe
about a week ago of The Economist so The
Economist is a magazine but they also
now have a website and YouTube channel
The Economist put up an argument for
veganism maybe it was two weeks ago
sorry but quite recently I don't know if
you bothered to see that it was boring
for me he's already know this stuff but
it was exactly the arguments about
scaling up alternatives to meat and you
know as you as they increase in scale
environmental impacts efficiency water
use for the book but the conclusion was
really clear again basically what is
your what is your excuse for not being
beaten in the CNN piece they asked one
of the advocates so I think he was a
scientist working on a lab grown meat so
faith meat subsidies they asked him are
you vegan if he admitted on camera no I
know I should be like I know I ought to
be but I'm not and the whole thing was
framed in that way was they given these
so this is the reality is that the vegan
message is so important and so timely
and so salient that the people who might
be our enemies or doing a better job
promoting it than the P
who are ostensibly our friends scumbags
like moon and rock whose whole concept
of life is just self-indulgence is just
their own momentary happiness and their
sensation of fulfillment and CT CT and
spiritual attainment that they can
apparently get out of eating clarified
butter
you know ghee or eggs or organ to be
vegan might be a leader in the vegan
movement yeah but once a month we watch
some vegan on YouTube and I say to you
look Melissa if you if you're lacking
confidence in your own YouTube channel
look at what garbage this is and how
much you have to offer compared to these
people okay for the same reasons I quit
Buddhism Buddhism I quit because of the
people if there was nobody I could work
with who's nobody I could do research
with there is nobody out to do
humanitarian work with nobody make a
difference with politically
cooperatively I'm not going to be a
one-man religion because it was a move
it I'm not going to be a one-man Street
Pro to protest I'm not gonna stand there
on the street alone I'm not gonna be a
woman political woman I put five years
into this I have nobody to work with
there's nobody we're meeting up with
right now in Paris France or what have
you there is there were there is no list
of opportunities and on the contrary
would have dealt with is the implacable
hostility and fear of idiots like over
here and like durianrider and all these
people nobody's looking
for talent nobody's leading it already
no reason is a positive the people roots
and positive are CNN The Economist of
course PCRM de straight up medical
science people including dr. McDougall
those are the people doing something
positive and everybody else last five
years it's only gotten worse and you
know the real fundamental reason what
people like moon and rock are quitting
ultimately comes back to Oprah Oprah
Winfrey was a huge force in creating all
of this junk
pseudoscience spirituality and Oprah
Winfrey for over words we created the
mania for Venus my thing 2012/2013 was a
big breaking point and for the first
time people were coming on youtube and
learning about veganism and see
slaughterers footage and that period of
a lid of initial optimism excitement is
now ending so people like moon and rock
I don't know in their millions they were
all going to leave the movement then you
guys are gonna be sitting around
wondering hey what have I got left and
guess what
you ain't got me because most of the
quality people we're gonna pack up and
find some other cause that we can
contribute to so I spent the last five
years working on human rights in
Cambodia but I spent the last five years
working on Korean and juillet both of us
I can be in a better position I'd have
something to work with way better than
what I've got now what I've got now is
nothing set the bowl full of yams and
broccoli okay guys get me up on patreon
sending an email if you want to don't
act like it started find me see me when
you see me
[Music]